okay boys have a cold break you take one
step back don't throw any punches down
the back of the head
and protect yourselves at all times
touch goes attained very much higher
thirty years old and looking to make a
real breakthrough towards championship
class straightaway
sabirah told off Sudhir he told off by
the referee for the way he was throwing
his punches hitting with the inside of
the glove again there see just drops I
rep right-handed or Bing that's called
the left if they're fond severely
already signs though that Maxwell is
very much the heavy handed of the two
Sudhir II who was good enough as an
amateur to get to the final of the I'm
good enough to find a punch like that
Wow did that come from and he is stunned
he's stunned how quickly can he recover
and Sudhir II is being urged by his
corner to jump all over him Jeff is
doing all he can to help max max you
gotta take a knee gotta get a little bit
of rest
[Music]
well a dramatic opening and he's looking
to take Maxwell out here
he's throwing everything at the
Liverpudlian that right hand run through
the garden it was there from cydia
format long quite as he was about to
throw boys caught him again and max
while still seeing stars hit by left
hook as well
Mad Max will don't forget about losing
that but he go get on his toes get
plenty of distance between him mister
Dirie and his look for gaps and little
spaces well he's in all the trouble he
needs in this opening round it would be
a massive upset if he lost this one and
it looked as though he had that the
greatest strength and greater power it
was sad eerie who found the real shot
that mattered in this opening round nice
finish there wrong there for max doggy
recovery
well tremendous opening round
oh he's got to begin right and this time
and this is turning into a nightmare for
Tom Maxwell great shot right and this
time and how well will he recover he's
got 20 seconds to get through to the end
of the round and Sudhir he's going
looking for him
sensing that the fight can be his
Maxwell needs to cover up needs to stay
away from these big shots thought again
by right and right on the Bell and that
is another huge round for the Frenchman
there's a little depth as either the
Frenchman
he doesn't know terrific shots when he
landed them suggesting that Maxwell had
landed low there I'm not sure he was
right but he now quite clearly believes
that one big shot is all that it takes
he jumps into these attacks with a very
unorthodox but also he's happy to throw
when Maxwell throws and that's a that's
a worry they have a sound idea so that's
what he needs to do
just do that you don't you don't go too
far forward don't close it
don't close the distance on this fella
keep it nice and long so don't waver you
man in me and he wants a firefighters
knee he wants he wants that he wants a
swingin match
whoever's the big hitter is irrelevant
all I know is that he can observe the
shots better than max well cam right now
all dear there's another big left hand
he's an excellent cutting shot that time
he shot but he feels that jab naturally
just the right hand just drops me over
to his shoulder and asked her worried a
bit severely lodged to throw a natural
throwing and he swings our left hook and
he swings you long that's a marked step
up in class for Maxwell over anything
he's faced since turning professional
back in 2016 this is fine for max IVA
custody he's doing all the joking around
he's not even though he's not he's not
focused on I'm doing the work sadira
complained about one around the back of
the head but he's just playing at the
point and there's danger points in every
round danger was there every role
therefore matter but for the most part
she's piling up the punch with the jab
and that's fine and when around vu Nick
around it on G win the round that's the
most important pad
it's fair to say that this is by some
distance the most important time that
Sam Maxwell has spent in the ring as a
professional everything has gone his way
prior to this 10 fights 8 by knockout
all looking a million dollars in the
process now he's having to really dig in
[Music]
gang could wait on their form at 12
Oh
oh good uppercut in there from sadirah
right hand blood flowing from annoying
big right hand right on the Bell and
Maxwell nearly went he nearly went down
with that right hand
second already I think cause it cideries
my hope is Sudhir
a wry smile delivered tomorrow and
didn't do yourself any favours yesterday
because he again he having close to
success that was a good shot good shot
[Music]
here he comes again sad eerie and
Maxwell almost falling into him that's
surely no knockdown and isn't Maxwell
almost looked as though it's going to go
there easily a half and he's close to
there without right down there severely
Maxwell looking for big shots now well
what around again and Sudhir is surely
doing enough to take that one
so Barry's got it I have to say I've got
severe E edging it and certainly the
body language of the two suggests that
Sudhir E is the man who believes he's
winning that you don't win by walking
round like that
trying to sucker Maxwell in
slut okay gets you from sitting such an
unusual angle let's add to the family
things
a bit of showboating from the two-man
event of ecology from both sides
[Music]
understand severe because the fact he
knows you can hurt the guy in and he's
away from home and all those those
factors in play you just think he would
be the guy now really push him forward
as literate are nothing in this round so
far well as Max wanna be fair because
there has been no baby the nor but just
that City movement but Vanessa thinks
she's so far ahead that he's just got to
stay on his feet which could be the case
jug you know arrived he's the one
dancing on budget like hook their
foolish but he's funny when he's down to
be the better shots and is wrong so fat
[Music]
that's right I'm there for natural
[Applause]
but to shape while they're under
pressure Maxwell
but there is still a long way to go he
almost went there he almost went with
that left hand
today he's joking wrong wishes to be
jaqen all over other ways there or one
punch there and it have been down surely
he thinks he's so far ahead I think
that's what it is it might be but
sendiri certainly believes he's won the
fights
he's really strong that's for sure John
and much worth looking a little bit
groggy and a face which tells the story
[Applause]
an astonishing turn around he gets to
his feet first object he steps it said
Maxwell turns that fight around he
looked as though he was spent he looked
as they was all over he looked as though
one more big shot from Sudhir II and he
be gone and then he produced that quite
extraordinary unbelievable he was losing
my last song for me losing the fight and
probably for you losing the fight by a
by a big magic but literally but you're
watching it wasn't a great performance
but that's what champions do they've
grabbed all the times we've seen in the
past greater fighters and the battles
ever gonna be though just listening grab
the feet under the cause of the
particular the closer defeat they just
find a way some of the win and what a
right hand that was what a shorty was
there are some tears of relief
and his touchy hands there with Tyson
Fury at ringside and anybody anybody who
follows boxing cannot fail to be stirred
by that and every punch he threw for
nine and a half round didn't trouble
severe in one bit not one punchy through
even the POW shot alien ever lived and
I'm gonna fight everybody to know the
trouble severely he looked like he just
walked through matter when he wanted to
and then when he needed them the most
when he's gonna lose his undefeated
record no he gets his big champion is
that you gotta blow it what a right hand
that was well wherever Sam Maxwell may
go in the sport from here on that moment
when he landed that big lot right and in
the closing seconds of this fight he'll
be able to dine out on that forever
I'm told that Sam Maxwell was ahead on
two of the cards after nine rounds well
I thought that sadirah was ahead for
what it's worth
who cares it's the punch like bunched up
baby level but I think you'll people
have you probably be annoyed about that
at all but like you see the two not
dodging you got even a massively and
then you see so in the rounds he's
peeing on box for for most of it but
look at this this against the deity's
dominant there but I was really alone
when he walked with him and he didn't
and then Sudhir he will regret that now
because well he should have jumped on
him look at him playing applause crazy
cost in the face one more punch there
and Sudhir he might have put him away
that's it happened look I'm at the
screen the shout because he knew he knew
here big shot he really did well well
the crowd a new home are watching this
Maxwell is dancing around in the ring
shouting to the crowd pointing at the
big screens in the arena and sharing the
moment with the crowd again unbelievable
what a finish what a finish tonight yes
this kid didn't even blink and then when
he needed in most where do I come from
ethos that ethos that the punch of his
career and I leave and that was terrific
who caught the referee as well what a
moment that was Danny born up into the
ring he's cool sometimes that wasn't
quite so cool look at the relief on his
face